Add some information about the impact of index.codec setting. (#110413)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/index-modules.asciidoc

    compression ratio, at the expense of slower stored fields performance.
    If you are updating the compression type, the new one will be applied
    after segments are merged. Segment merging can be forced using
    <<indices-forcemerge,force merge>>. Experiments with indexing log datasets

>     have shown that `best_compression` gives upto ~18% lower storage usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    have shown that `best_compression` gives up to ~18% lower storage usage
```

>     compared to `default` with only minimally affecting indexing throughput (~2%).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    compared to `default` while only minimally affecting indexing throughput (~2%).
```
